

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfwgSEIUxMg

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqjXqYhGU78

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-tYU8GOUt0

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/azure-api-management-apim-overview/


What is APIM?
API Management (APIM) is a way to create consistent and modern API gateways for existing back-end services.

API Management helps organizations publish APIs to external, partner, and internal developers to unlock the potential of their data and services

Azure API Management

APIM system consists of following components,

The API gateway is the endpoint that:
Accepts API calls and routes them to your backends.
Verifies API keys, JWT tokens, certificates, and other credentials.
Enforces usage quotas and rate limits.
Transforms your API on the fly without code modifications.
Caches backend responses were set up.
Logs call metadata for analytics purposes.
The Azure portal is the administrative interface where you set up your API program. Use it to:
Define or import API schema.
Package APIs into products.
Set up policies like quotas or transformations on the APIs.
Get insights from analytics.
Manage users.
The Developer portal serves as the main web presence for developers, where they can:
Read API documentation.
Try out an API via the interactive console.
Create an account and subscribe to get API keys.
Access analytics on their own usage.
What is Product in APIM?
Products are how APIs are surfaced to developers. Products in API Management have one or more APIs, and are configured with a title,
description, and terms of use. Products can be Open or Protected. Protected products must be subscribed to before they can be used, 
while open products can be used without a subscription. When a product is ready for use by developers,
it can be published. Once it is published, it can be viewed (and in the case of protected products subscribed to) by developers.
Subscription approval is configured at the product level and can either require administrator approval or be auto-approved. 
We have used Product in the demo of this article.

What are Groups?
Groups are used to manage the visibility of products to developers. API Management has the following immutable system groups,

Administrators - Azure subscription administrators are members of this group. Administrators manage API Management service instances,
creating the APIs, operations, and products that are used by developers.
Developers - Authenticated developer portal users fall into this group. Developers are the customers that build applications using your APIs.
Developers are granted access to the developer portal and build applications that call the operations of an API.
Guests - Unauthenticated developer portal users, such as prospective customers visiting the developer portal of an API Management
instance fall into this group. They can be granted certain read-only access, such as the ability to view APIs but not call them.
